many red-tailed hawks stop for a bite to
eat at Bracken cave in southern Texas hi
on the menu are 20 million free-tailed
bats that have just arrived from Mexico
to breed
it's the largest gathering of mammals on
the planet
as the bats leave to feed each evening
they run the gauntlet of the waiting
hunters for a rookie hawk that's just
arrived they're quite a challenge she
has to learn how to catch them
but she's pitched against the fastest
and most agile BOTS in the world the
sheer numbers are overwhelming
especially for a beginner
finally she spots a bat that's straight
from the Mars flicks her back claw to
hook it impressive stuff but nothing
compared to the real top guns
[Music]
these experienced hunters have learnt
the best technique
dive-bombing the parts at over a hundred
and sixty kilometers an hour
[Music]
the best can catch a bat with one Talon
while still holding another
[Music]
the best of the best Steve for the
entire summer but most migrating Hawks
simply used the cave as the
drive-through restaurant